* **Class discussion**
    * Unix Philosophy
        * Originated with the design of OSes.
        * Statements about design, less structured than Agile.
        * The Unix Philosophy describes how to design systems, the Agile Philosophy describes how to work on products. We need both.
        * **Group discussion**
            * What are your favorite three rules?
            * Sum up your group's design philosophy in 2-3 sentences.
    * Rise of Worse is Better
        * Does anyone know who this guy is?
            * LISP, Java (Sun)
            * Context: he's speaking to mostly academics, trying to "save Lisps", like Common Lisp and Scheme
        * Competing philosophies
            * MIT Approach - "The right thing"
            * The New Jersey Approach - "Worse is better"
        * Example
            * PC-losering, unimportant
            * _Implementation simplicity is more important than interface simplicity_.
                * What does this mean?
        * C
            * Compilers are easy to write.
            * Puts burden on the programmer to write code for the easy-to-implement compiler.
            * Provide 50%-80% of what you need.
            * Can be ported easily to lowest performing 50% of computers.
            * The ultimate computer viruses.
                * What does Gabriel mean by this?
                * Gives programs written on top of it the same characteristics.
        * Lisps lost
        * Big Complex System v Diamond-like Jewel
            * "It is often undesirable to go for the right thing first. It is better to get half of the right thing available so that it spreads like a virus. Once people are hooked on it, take the time to improve it to 90% of the right thing."
        * Questions
            * What are some modern examples?
            * Does this explain why JavaScript is everywhere?
            * ASM.js, WASM are further examples
    * How do these ideas relate to our semester project?
        * User Stories -> Feature development
        * "As a user, I can create an account."
            * What are some potential solutions to this?
                * A 1-800 number.
                * An SQL form.
                * Bespoke solution.
                * Piggyback on another account system (Firebase, Parse).
            * How does your group's design philosophy accomplish this?
        * Workflows
            * Development
            * Production
* **Scrum**
    * [Trello board](https://trello.com/b/RNZWKlnK/scrum-template) walkthrough.
* **Assignments**
    * **Due by Wednesday, Feb 2nd at 6:15pm**.
        * Create Trello Board with same structure as the template.
        * Add link to Trello board in README.md.
        * Add design philosophy to README.md.
* **Reading**
    * ["A quick look behind the scenes"](https://rebase-book.com/rebase-sample.pdf)
    * ["Anatomy of a git commit"](https://blog.thoughtram.io/git/2014/11/18/the-anatomy-of-a-git-commit.html)












