* **Discussion**
    * [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16ymWrQNzNkh8DVxiapg3-Q0iMBFeXPgJThGXjHLUEwQ/edit?usp=sharing)
    * Code Reviews
        * Standard of Code Review
            * Purpose: Improve health of codebase over time.
                * Make progress
                * Ensure quality
                * Conclusion: Code needs to improve code health, but doesn't need to be perfect.
                * Conclusion: There is no perfect code.
            * Purpose: Mentor engineers.
            * Principles
                * Hard facts overrule opinions
                * Style guides win
                * Escalate
        * What to look for in a code review
            * Design
            * Functionality
            * Complexity
                * Over-engineering
                * Simplicity over correctness -- when it doesn't need to be correct
            * Tests
                * Will these tests actually fail whent the code is broken?
                * Tests are code.
            * Naming
            * Comments
                * Why code exists, not what the code is doing.
            * Style
                * Separate style changes from functionality changes.
                * Examples
                    * [Airbnb (JS)](https://github.com/airbnb/javascript)
                    * [PIP8 (Python)](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
            * Consistency
                * You are working on something that already exists.
            * Documentation
            * Every Line
            * Context
            * Good Things
* **Demonstration** (RECORDED)
    * GitHub PR Process Walkthrough
* **Sprints**
    * Standups
        * What have I been working on?
        * What am I working on next?
        * Is anything blocking me?
        * Update Trello.
    * Workshops
        * This is time for you to work on your sprint tasks together.
* **Reading**
    * None.
* **Assignments**
    * Sprint build due at the start of class on 2-21 (reminder that this is 15% of your semester grade).
        * A live demo (it would be wise to bring a backup). We will be checking these out _in class_.
        * An annotated tag in GitHub (remember to PUSH the tag with `git push --tags`).
        * **I should be able to see commits from every member of the group.**
